Welcome to the course on blockchain nanodegree.
We are continuing with our lesson.
Our topic is Data from Oracles.
We're going to review types of oracles and some examples of them in the real world.
We're going to dive deep into Oracle Security,
and finally we'll do some coding and create an Oracle Smart Contract.
The lesson's skills that you will acquire from this lesson
are: you'll be able to articulate the role of oracles in blockchain environments,
you'll be able to identify scenarios in which oracles are necessary,
you'll be able to differentiate between trusted and trustless oracles,
and you'll learn what those terms mean and also the threat vectors related to oracles,
and finally, we'll develop a Smart Contract that securely
requests and receives information from oracles.